Hey guys welcome back.
So we're going to continue adding our style to this page now.
So we do it in the browser so we can see our changes live and I would say if you ever want to move this
to the side you can click on these buttons up here and click on this side button and it bursts over
to the right.
This race you don't have to have it underneath this is somewhere I like to have it so.
But underneath if you want to or move to the side.
And what we do now is style the in book container.
You click on your elements bar and then go.
Extend this background one not you Dana you see input container in the in the container is what holds
all of our input fields or forms for logging in the forms for register.
So we're going to solve this logging container now.
So if you go to the right and click on this registered or csx class here it will take you to the file.
So he is a registered does the S S Class exactly as it matches right here.
And then underneath logging container just per pound symbol.
And then in Purt container like that.
And in there we're going to say width is only 400 peaks.
We have said that are a fixed width.
And in fact are actually stole this in the elements tab so it just should decision an a way of doing
it.
So you see there's the width four hundred we just row.
And if you click on that right now you can type of thing underneath.
So we'll say padding forty five pixels and 45 pixels.
You see the green part are in there the green is the padding to the padding is the space around your
element.
OK.
So 45 pixels padding the different frame padding in mah-jong is padding the space inside of your example.
This input container box the padding is the spacing inside of it where the margin would be padding outside
of it.
So the padding is inside the container and the margin is outside but you'll become more familiar with
both those as we move forward.
So is it having now this poor fellow at and left.
It just keeps everything to the left.
You won't see any changes yet.
And then it's also say border.
Right.
So it's going to apply a board on the right one Picaxe solid.
So there you go.
There's a 1 1 pixel border.
Solid.
And then the colour is going to be pounds 9 9 9 9 like that.
So it's kind of a grey curve I already know that colour beforehand so if you want a change colour you
can click on that whole square and you can change this in see where it looks like red there.
But I know that 9 9 9 the works are really really that.
The reason we use solid is because you can have other things I'd dotted for example and there's light
dots as well but with degrees solid I'm going to change back and that's it for that part.
So copy and paste work code.
Copy Paste in that's of copied it moved back to here.
Paste underneath and save it and I'm going to apply some style to these header tags.
So in the registrar C S S class which is in the source's tab you can just per input container.
H to.
Because h to.
If you look right here if I click on this arrow I can click on this element there and you see it's in
H to tag.
So go at the sources.
So input contain 8 to and all you're saying is one thing in here.
Just text or line centre and it moves the H two tags into the centre.
So copy and paste that one and it needs like that so that there are changes and you don't have to style
this in the browser.
If you just want you want to do all completely here that's fine.
The only thing is if you get to see what you're doing as you typing and get to play around with it.
So we're not flies and start or input feels right now.
So click on this one right here.
This arrow in select one of your inputs and then click on element style and this element style pietist
allows us to apply started this specific thing and see what it looks like so we can just say display
block.
By this you were actually the change on the rest of me because this element style only applies to this
element we're currently on.
Okay so display block or display block does it means this element will be in its own line.
See how the label has gone to its the line above this element.
Now takes up the whole lines and nothing will be alongside it as Display blockaders because a background
colour is it good to be transparent that ICC has gone transparent.
Border 0 no border to give.
Gets rid of the border.
Borders zero border.
Bottom line we will put a border on the bottom.
Say one p x solid and then go make a white border which is just f f f.
That said one p x solid F F F G We have a water underneath now and then we can give this input a high
now so hight is going to be twenty seven pixels and then line height is going to be twenty seven pixels
or so and then width is going to be 100 percent so the input field now takes up the whole width of the
of the space it has out there and that's it.
Let's go once.
Copy and paste this now because Lacazette this is only applying it to one field.
So copy based on that code.
Go back to your residency SS file and we're going to apply it to the
input container and then the input square brackets type he calls text like this.
Place that in there.
And what this is doing is applying this code to all the input field that have the type text.
There also is ibin but contain save that you see.
Fresh off the page and you should see all of these text field have this same style.
The reason these ones don't see is these have the type e-mail and these that the type password they
don't have the type text.
We only target it the ones with the type text.
So if we really do for the password an e-mail once as well.
Just copy and paste that changed this one to email.
That is the comma in between you need the comma and then comma paste all the time and do a password
like that.
Save that and all the others should have that same style.
Now right there.
All these have the same style.
Now when you type you see the Imber goes all the way across the space it has.